"There is no one way to prove your devotion to Super Earth. But there is one best way. Become a Helldiver. Become a hero. Become a legend."
"War. It brings us together. It makes us stronger. And it leads to countless new technologies, some of them related to saving lives. This, is why we fight."
"Helldivers are willing to give their lives to protect our Liberty. Helldivers: all heroes wear capes."
"Super Earth has created the most advanced weaponry in the galaxy. Our power is in your hands."
"Helldivers. Protectors of humanity. Paragons of Democracy. Heroes to their very core. Do you have what it takes?"
"There is no greater honor than defending our way of life. Remember, winning is more important than living!"
"Do not think of Rebels as fellow humans. If our ideals are alien to them, then they are aliens to us."
"Bugs, as essential as they are vile. Never forget: Element 710 extraction is just as important as eradication!"
"The bots will stop at nothing to turn our galaxy into little more than steel and code. Unless we stop them first. Unless we send in... the Helldivers."
"Reminder: Element 710 is safe and environmentally friendly. Any rumors of E-710 spills are the work of dissidents seeking to undermine our way of life."
"Helldivers. Heroes of the Federation. Abolishers of tyranny. Legends that secure the Element 710 we need to maintain our way of life."
"If you've ever lost a loved one to the Bug scourge, remember, they would want you to seek retribution."
"In the first intragalactic war alone, the Bugs accounted for the deaths of one hundred and eighty-nine million Super Earth citizens. Many of them babies. Don't let the Bugs kill babies—fight the good fight!"
"Automatons are not living beings; they are weapons, hellbent on our destruction. And how do we defeat a deadly weapon? With an even deadlier weapon. Requisition yours today."
"Justice is putting an end to those who would destroy us. Justice is every citizen having an equal chance to excel within their assigned role. Justice is Super Earth."
"You may have won countless battles, but how many thoughtcrimes have you reported? Remember, REAL heroes fight on every front—even the front within."
"Have any of your friends or family members been behaving unpatriotically? If so, report them to your local Loyalty Officer for immediate reeducation. Remember, Freedom dies in Silence!"
"Children of Super Earth, keep an ear trained on your parents for signs of rebellion! Signs include: disparaging Super Earth, distrust in Managed Democracy, asking questions, and any sentence that includes the phrase "alien rights". A report today is a life saved tomorrow!"
"Every day, millions of soldiers have their names inscribed upon the Wall of Martyrs. Show your support. Purchase one of Super Earth's exclusive Martyrs Day celebration packages!"
"Thanks to Super Earth's mandatory Freedom of Assignment program, every citizen gets to select which government-provided career best suits their dreams."
"Thousands of Freedom-loving citizens were killed in the mines of Cyberstan. Don't let their deaths be in vain. Buy war bonds today!"
"No one likes a complainer. If your living conditions aren't to your liking, just remember, aliens could kill us all at any moment."
"Report all signs of dissidence to your local Loyalty Officer. Remember—heroes report, cowards stay silent."
"Crack open one of the Automaton's battery packs, and you'll find bot technology is powered exclusively by injustice."
"Managed Democracy, the pillar that keeps us safe in these trying times. Super Earth—governed by you."
"Why would you grant rights to an Automaton? After all, you wouldn't grant rights to a dishwasher."
"History matters! Today, we remind you that Super Earth has always been, and always will be."
"Give everything to the cause! Remember: apathy is Liberty's greatest enemy."
"Don't worry. Top Super Earth scientists have proven that bugs don't feel pain."
"Remember, it's not that Super Earth hates aliens. It's that aliens hate Freedom."
"There is only one choice that truly matters: Democracy or... Treason."
"The celebration of Liberty Day is mandatory. And... fun!"
"Never forget: we are all one Super Earth."
"Skepticism is treason. Treason is bad."